audit log data via REST API. (#2543)
github/docs: content/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/reviewing-the-audit-log-for-your-organization.md

{% data reusables.audit_log.audit-log-api-info %}

{% if currentVersion == "free-pro-team@latest" %}

> Note that you can't retrieve Git events using the GraphQL API. To retrieve Git events, use the REST API instead. For more information, see "[`git` category actions](git-category-actions)." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can't retrieve Git events using the GraphQL API. To retrieve Git events, use the REST API instead. For more information, see "[`git` category actions](#git-category-actions)." 
```

Oops, forgot the `#` for the anchor 🤦🏽

> Note that you can't retrieve Git events using the GraphQL API. Instead, try the [REST API](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/reviewing-the-audit-log-for-your-organization#git-category-actions). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can't retrieve Git events using the GraphQL API. To retrieve Git events, use the REST API instead. For more information, see "[`git` category actions](git-category-actions)." 
```
